hi lookin to stash some stuff how about
a pillow for your jewelry a spare tire
for your cash and a suitcase is a safe
whether you're going away or just want
to keep your most important things
secure I've got dozens of ideas about
what you should and shouldn't do let's
start with a room no burglars see any
value in the kids room see that tennis
ball that can become a secret vault cut
a hole in it and hide something precious
inside a soccer ball is no less
effective just let some air out and open
one of the seams
once you've done hiding your stuff tuck
the seam back in hide a jar with jewelry
or cash inside the toy often an easy way
to get the jar inside without breaking
the toy is by unscrewing the head unused
diapers make an excellent impromptu safe
as well use diapers we'll make sure no
one will want to investigate further and
if you manage to open up a globe there's
room in there for a bunch of stuff a
block of sticky notes can be the perfect
hiding place for something small
like a flash drive or your favorite ring
first remove the top and bottom sections
that will conceal your item half of one
color section for each of these will be
enough split the remaining notes into
ten chunks then draw the square outlines
of your future mini safe and cut out the
center of each chunk then glue all the
pieces and the top and bottom layers
back together these rarely look for
valuables in the bathroom so make it
your next stop an empty deodorant or
dental floss container a tube for
lipstick or sunblock all of these are
great hiding spots
if your bathtub is enclosed you can keep
something valuable under or around the
base a laundry soap box provides another
opportunity to make a mini safe or take
the head off a hairbrush and stick some
money inside you can even roll up the
bills and hide them inside the toilet
paper holder split a face sponge into
two parts hollow out the bottom part
insert your things and glue it back
together put some foundation
on it to make it look more inconspicuous
moving on to the kitchen a pile of pots
and pans placed on top of each other
makes for the perfect hiding spot
you can wrap a couple of bracelets and
necklaces in fabric or a plastic bag and
leave them in the stack burglars won't
have time to go through the mall
don't forget about jars with grains in
them put some money or a watch inside a
toilet paper roll then bury the roll in
the jar no one will suspect us there
also you can spray the inside of a
mayonnaise jar with a cream-colored
paint voila now you've got a proper
strongbox something small but valuable
we'll easily find a hiding place in a
box of cereal first put your stash in a
plastic bag then bury it among the
flakes for some items you can do the
same with frozen vegetables just put
them in a ziploc bag first make sure you
tell your family about all your hideouts
in the kitchen though otherwise they
might throw away that Mayo jar that's
been sitting around for a year next stop
the living room to turn a pillow into a
part-time safe open it up carefully take
out some of the stuffing and stick a
little soft bag with cash or jewelry
inside but the stuffing back in and
stitch it up to conceal your secret a
magnetic photo album can take care of
both your family pictures and conceal
some money
slide the bills under the photos
burglars won't be interested in looking
through your childhood memories you can
also try hiding things in any pictures
you've got hanging from your walls you
could use a fancy poster or a painting
to cover a medicine cabinet filled with
valuables or get a large photo frame
with some room for storage inside and if
what you're trying to hide is flat you
can simply stick it between the
cardboard and the photo whatever the
size of the frame if you have some tools
at home try opening the back of a wall
or mantel clock and hiding something
small inside unless the clock itself
looks expensive
burglars won't pay any attention to it
think creatively for some things even a
fish tank can be a good hiding place you
could put it in the gravel on the bottom
or in the little castle ship or whatever
else it is that your fish live in if you
still have VHS tapes you can open them
up and put small valuables inside this
one works best if you label the tape
something like our family vacation so no
one suspects anything with books you can
make a pocket to go in between the cover
and the pages and put some cash in there
this is the damage-free version of a
book safe
you can leave space in a tissue box and
use it as a place for a bag of something
you don't want others to find sticking a
little plastic bag between the tissues
also does the trick
there are probably air vents throughout
your house but you can add an extra one
by a special fake air vent for storage
and place it as close to the ceiling as
possible these won't have time to open
all the air vents in the house even if
they know about this trick if you can
handle a drill try making a hole in the
top of any door in your home you can
insert a small metal tube in there to
hold jewelry or rolled-up money don't
throw away those empty paint cans you
have in your garage or storage room they
make for great safes that can be hidden
among the full cans on a shelf the same
goes for laundry detergent containers or
pet food bags a vacuum cleaner bag is
another good hiding spot an old printer
or a box full of CDs will also do you
can even fit something small inside a
flashlight if your ironing board has
tubular legs with removable caps at the
ends remove one of the caps and fill the
leg almost to the top with something
useless like paper towels then put your
valuables inside that way it'll be
easier to take out when you need it if
you have an extra wheelbarrow tire let
some air out hide your goods inside and
then re-inflate it if you need a good
spot to hide your keys try an empty
birdhouse with a box inside or the space
under the roof of a dog house to protect
your passwords and other important data
save them in a folder among lots of
other files give it a deceptive name
like my eye exam result
the chances are no one will look at it
in your bedroom you can unscrew the bed
knob and stick your favorite bracelet or
maybe a flash drive in there thick dark
curtains can serve as a neat safe to
stitch a pocket into the back using
thread that's the same color this can
hold something light and not too bulky
if you've got shoes in your closet that
you don't wear that much you can slide
some cash
underneath the shoe insert however there
are some hiding places that everyone
including burglars know all too well and
generally your bedroom is a pretty
tricky area to outsmart thieves they'll
definitely look under your mattress or
bed in your underwear drawer and in your
closet they know that ladies like to
keep their valuables in spare purses
they can easily just take the bag as
well as sell it online and keep what's
inside burglars will also check the
pockets of your clothes and go through
your shoeboxes hoping to find one filled
with all your valuable stuff all desk
drawers are a no-go - they're the most
obvious place to store important papers
in cash a jewelry box
a portable safe or filing cabinet with a
fancy locking mechanism won't do either
burglars will just take the whole thing
with them and try opening it later when
they have all the time they need they
also know that people like to hide
things in empty vases but if you add
some flowers or other decorative
elements to it it won't be so obvious if
you hide your stuff all over the house
and you have a bad memory like mine you
might want to make a map of all the
locations and put it in one of the spots
you definitely won't forget about
[Music]